so I just got back from a night out with
my boyfriend
anyway and you know it was just one of
those everyday type of nights where you
just go out you have some stuff to pack
or you know just something you're
somewhat of a routine in my case it's
was staying over my boyfriend's house
anyways I packed so much stuff and this
bag is so durable it's it's amazing
actually but anyways this case had bacon
in it this morning a mutant to brawls
deodorant
swallow it
two pairs of high heels
and there at least six to seven inches
plus some magazines talk to me for help
okay my makeup bag
and I have a lot of stuff in here to
pursue
another outfit
well lunch bag shuffle case and in this
pocket you could like fit your keys
your cell phone not my earring
but anyways yeah you know if you can fit
so much stuff in here and carry it like
it I mean maybe for me because I'm 5 55
or 56 now that I may look a little bit
large on me if it's overstuffed but I
fold it like this oh yeah I was
surprised how like how how much stuff it
can carry and still look like it can fit
more and at the same time look fabulous
so I'm just saying like it really is
worth the money and
when I got the speed 30 I didn't know if
I would like it like I had this gut
feeling I would end up getting the
network hole and you know it really is a
little better than to speedy 30 that's
my opinion if I had known to speak there
you would sag and look you know that you
know ugly sometimes it wouldn't really
um I wouldn't want to buy it but I did
anyway I kept both and thanks for
watching